Readme (#24)
dorindabassey/vhost-device: staging/vhost-device-gpu/README.md

# vhost-device-gpu - GPU emulation backend daemon

## Synopsis
```shell
       vhost-device-gpu --socket-path <SOCKET>
```

## Description
       A virtio-gpu device using the vhost-user protocol.

## Options

```text
       -s, --socket-path <SOCKET>
              vhost-user Unix domain socket path

       -h, --help
              Print help

       -V, --version
              Print version
```

## Examples

First start the daemon on the host machine:

```shell
host# vhost-device-gpu --socket-path /tmp/gpu.socket
```

> With QEMU, there are two ways you can add a `virtio` device 
> that uses the backend's socket and any GPU display option 
> of your choice. The first method is using `vhost-user-gpu-pci`, 
> and the second method is using `vhost-user-vga`. 
> By default, QEMU display uses VGA, so to use any of the 
> virtio device options, ensure that the `vga` option is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With QEMU, there are two device frontends you can use with this device.
You can either use `vhost-user-gpu-pci` or `vhost-user-vga`, which also
implements VGA, that allows you to see boot messeges before the guest 
initalizes the gpu. You can also use different display outputs (for example 
`gtk` or `dbus`).
By default, QEMU also adds another VGA output, use `-vga none` to make 
sure it is disabled.
```
